Navbar uncollapsible action button (#270)
LifeSG/react-design-system: stories/navbar/navbar.stories.mdx

    </Story>
</Canvas>

<Heading3>Uncollapsible action buttons</Heading3>

> You can also choose to render action button as uncollapsible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set an action button to be uncollapsible, so it remains visible in the navigation bar on mobile viewports.
```
